Feat/3 networks (#13)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-example-foundation-app: app-foundation/3-networks/development/README.md

# 3-networks/development

> This is a terraform wrapper for [CFT 3-Networks/envs/development](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/3-networks/envs/development) and can be used to set up a base shared VPC with default NAT, baseline firewall rules, Cloud Armor, private service networking, and an external IP address for the Bank of Anthos example application in the development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a additional Terraform configuration for [CFT 3-Networks/envs/development](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/3-networks/envs/development) and can be used to set up the subnets, additional firewall rules, Cloud Armor, private service networking, and an external IP address for the Bank of Anthos example application in the development environment.
```

## Prerequisites

1. 0-bootstrap executed successfully.
1. 1-org executed successfully.
1. 2-environments/envs/development executed successfully.
1. 3-networks/envs/shared executed successfully.

> 1. The two local variables defined in this example are changed in [3-Networks/envs/development/main.tf](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/3-networks/envs/non-production/main.tf).

Reviewer: Add instructions before this to be within the correct 3-networks env folder. Lets also add the code block for locals as discussed offline

> 1. Subnets, including secondary ranges, in only the base_shared_vpc module [3-Networks/envs/development/main.tf](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/3-networks/envs/development/main.tf) from the CFT have been removed.

Reviewer: Lets show a code example here on what vars to replace in original main.tf with your main.tf

# 3-networks/development

This is an additional Terraform configuration for [CFT 3-Networks/envs/development](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/3-networks/envs/development) and can be used to set up the subnets, additional firewall rules, Cloud Armor, private service networking, and an external IP address for the Bank of Anthos example application in the development environment.

## Prerequisites

1. 0-bootstrap executed successfully.
1. 1-org executed successfully.
1. 2-environments/envs/development executed successfully.
1. 3-networks/envs/shared executed successfully.
1. Navigate out of the 3-networks/envs/shared repo `cd ..`.
1. Navigate into the [3-Networks/envs/development](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/3-networks/envs/development) repo `cd development`.

> 1. The two local variables - `environment_code = "dev"` and `base_private_service_cidr = "199.36.153.4/30"` - defined in this example are changed in [3-Networks/envs/development/main.tf](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/3-networks/envs/development/main.tf).

Reviewer: Can we align with example-foundation and just have `environment_code=d`?

Author: Sure, I'll change those - the only local variable change would be `base_private_service_cidr` in that case

> 1. Subnets, including secondary ranges, in the base_shared_vpc module [3-Networks/envs/development/main.tf](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/3-networks/envs/development/main.tf) from the CFT have been removed.

Reviewer: Lets phrase this as
```markdown
Subnets, including secondary ranges, in the base_shared_vpc module [3-Networks/envs/development/main.tf](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/3-networks/envs/development/main.tf) from the CFT have been replaced by subnets from example(link to your main.tf) 
```

> 1. The variables located in the `base_shared_vpc {}` section of `main.tf` are updated with values from the example:

Reviewer: We pass these via tfvars right and not direct code changes? In that case we already have an instruction to swap tfvars below?

Author: Ack, I removed this step in the latest commit
